Update plugin configs and docs (#636)
openmsupply/application-manager-server: documentation/List-of-Action-plugins.md

| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `duration`\*                             | `scheduledEvent`  |
| `eventCode`                              |                   |
| `applicationId`                          |                   |
| `templateId`                             |                   |
| `cancel`                                 |                   |
| `data`                                   |                   |

This Action stores an "event" in the database `trigger_schedule` table, scheduled for a time in the future specified by `duration`. When this time is reached, a special trigger is fired (`ON_SCHEDULE`) which can be used as the trigger for subsequent actions.

Each scheduled event can be saved with an `eventCode` -- this is used by Actions that are triggered by this event to determine *which* action should be fired for any given `ON_SCHEDULE` trigger on each template type. Every Action defined for each template has an optional `scheduledActionCode` field, which can be used to match specific events. If no event code is provided, then *every* action for that template type with an `ON_SCHEDULE` trigger will be executed.

> By default, when an event is saved, the `outputCumulative` object from the `scheduleAction` action (including outputs of previous actions in the sequence) is stored in the `data` field, but additional data can be added to this as well. Then when the scheduled action runs, it gets this data passed in as `outputCumulative`, so it has access to the output info of previous actions -- this means it effectively can continue as though it were part of the same sequence of actions, but with a "pause" due the the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when an event is saved, the `outputCumulative` object from the `scheduleAction` action (including outputs of previous actions in the sequence) is stored in the `data` field, but additional data can be added to this as well. Then when the scheduled action runs, it gets this data passed in as `outputCumulative` -- this means it effectively can continue as though it were part of the same sequence of actions, but with a "pause" due the schedule.
```

> The `cancel` parameter is a way to prevent a previously scheduled event from occurring. Any existing event that has matching `applicationId` and `eventCode` will be set to inactive without ever firing. In practice, though, targeting an event by `applicationId` is often not feasible, so the preferred way to cancel a scheduled event is to just apply an appropriate Condition to the subsequent action -- so the event is still triggered, but the matching action won't occur if the condition is not met (e.g. don't expire a product if registration has been renewed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cancel` parameter is a way to prevent a previously scheduled event from occurring. Using the action to run with the cancel will find existing event that has matching `applicationId` and `eventCode` will be set to inactive without ever firing. In practice, though, targeting an event by `applicationId` is often not feasible, so the preferred way to cancel a scheduled event is to just apply an appropriate Condition to the subsequent action -- so the event is still triggered, but the matching action won't occur if the condition is not met (e.g. don't expire a product if registration has been renewed)
```
